docs(daemon): align adapter spikes with web-first roadmap (#4296)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/developers/daemon-client-adapters/tui.md

# TUI Daemon Adapter Spike

## Goal

Document the default-off `DaemonTuiAdapter` spike that was added while

> evaluating Mode B client integration.

Reviewer: **[Critical]** "Mode B" is retained here but all other "Mode B" references were removed from ide.md and channel-web.md by this PR. It is now an orphaned term, undefined anywhere in the doc set. A reader encountering this file for the first time has no way to understand what "Mode B" refers to.

```suggestion
evaluating daemon-backed client integration.
```

_— qwen-latest-series-invite-beta-v28 via Qwen Code /review_

5. Submit user prompts through `session.prompt()`.
6. Route cancel through `session.cancel()`.
7. Route model switch through `session.setModel()`.

> 8. Route permission votes through `session.respondToSessionPermission()` when

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The new permission-routing guidance says TUI should call `session.respondToSessionPermission()`, but the actual `DaemonTuiAdapter` implementation still calls `session.respondToPermission()` in both approve/reject paths. IDE and channel currently do the same in their adapter implementations, but those two docs hedge this as future/behind-flag evaluation; the TUI doc keeps describing a concrete experimental flow. That makes the spike doc look already aligned with the session-scoped permission route when the adapter code is not.

```suggestion
8. Route permission votes through the legacy request-id permission route today;
   migrate to `session.respondToSessionPermission()` once the adapter is updated
   to gate on `caps.features.session_permission_vote`.
```

_— gpt-5.5 via Qwen Code /review_

> 8. Route permission votes through `session.respondToSessionPermission()` when

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** Same capability-key gap as `ide.md`: the permission-routing guidance omits the exact capability flag `caps.features.session_permission_vote` that `channel-web.md` documents. Add it for cross-file consistency.

```suggestion
Route permission votes through `session.respondToSessionPermission()` when
`caps.features.session_permission_vote` is advertised; fall back to the legacy `respondToPermission` route only for older daemons.
```

_— DeepSeek/deepseek-v4-pro via Qwen Code /review_

| `model_switched`                         | Update footer/model display                  |
| `session_died`                           | Show disconnected state and stop streaming   |

> Unknown events must be ignored, not fatal. Typed event reducers should stay in

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** "Typed event reducers should stay in the daemon client/protocol layer, not in server internals" — this is a design constraint with no described enforcement mechanism. Since this doc is now framed as a Spike (historical reference), future implementers are unlikely to encounter or remember this rule. Consider either adding a note about how this constraint is enforced (lint rule, code review checklist, test), or softening the language if enforcement is aspirational.

_— DeepSeek/deepseek-v4-pro via Qwen Code /review_
